# Happy-Habits-Code

This is an app that is aimed to help individuals build good habits and release bad habits. This app is used as a tracker to keep track of day-to-day progress on personal habits. If you want to see how you have grown, check out your progress in the streaks feature. Not everyone has the same habits, so the user can add his/her own custom habits to make sure the app is personalized for him/her. Furthermore, these custom habits can be added to the user’s personal  Google Calendar to provide daily reminders of this habit.

The repo organization is a little messy due to different people working on different things and we didn't really discuss how we were going to organize it. The server.js is the file that acts as the file that connects all the pages together. It renders all of the ejs and html pages that is in the views folder. All of the files that we have worked on is in the views folder, that is where everything gets rendered onto the website. The project folder was mostly just for backup to make sure that we have a file that we can go back on in case something bad happened to the views folder. The packages of json was mainly for pushing the files onto heroku.

To build the code, first you need a html page that is written and tested for errors by opening it in chrome. When it is ready, you can put it into our application by going into the server.js file and render it from there. If you want to access the database, then you will have to create a form and set the action to either a get/post request. Then you will have to go back to the server.js file and write a function that will accept the get/post request and do what you want it to do with the database. To fully test the code, you can start a localhost on your own computer to see if everything is fine. Then finally if everything looks good, you can git add, commit, and push it to heroku and see it render online for everyone to access.
